feat: add `lapack/base/dlarfb` (#7833)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/lapack/base/dlarfb/README.md

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var dlarfb = require( '@stdlib/lapack/base/dlarfb' );
```

<!-- lint disable maximum-heading-length -->

#### dlarfb( order, side, trans, direct, storev, M, N, K, V, LDV, T, LDT, C, LDC, work, LDWORK )

Applies a real block reflector `H` or its transpose `H ^ T` to a real `M` by `N` matrix `C`, from either the left or the right.

<!-- eslint-disable max-len -->

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );

var V = new Float64Array( [ 10.0, 40.0, 70.0, 20.0, 50.0, 80.0, 30.0, 60.0, 90.0 ] );
var T = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 2.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 3.0 ] );
var C = new Float64Array( [ 11.0, 12.0, 13.0, 21.0, 22.0, 23.0, 31.0, 32.0, 33.0 ] );
var work = new Float64Array( 9 );

dlarfb( 'row-major', 'left', 'transpose', 'forward', 'columns', 3, 3, 3, V, 3, T, 3, C, 3, work, 3 );
// C => <Float64Array>[ -1350.00, -1400.00, -1450.00, -30961.00, -32102.00, -33243.00, -266612.00, -275464.00, -284316.00 ]
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **order**: storage layout (`'row-major'` or `'column-major'`).

> -   **side**: specifies whether `H` or `H ^ T` is applied from the left or right (`'left'` or `'right'`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **side**: specifies whether `H` or `H^T` is applied from the left or right (`'left'` or `'right'`).
```

-   **trans**: specifies whether to apply `H` or `H ^ T` (`'no-transpose'` or `'transpose'`).
-   **direct**: indicates how `H` is formed from a product of elementary reflectors (`'forward'` or `'backward'`).

> -   **storev**: indicates how the vectors which define the elementary reflectors are stored (`'column-major'` or `'row-major'`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **storev**: indicates how the vectors which define the elementary reflectors are stored (`'columns'` or `'rows'`).
```

-   **K**: order of the matrix `T`.
-   **V**: input matrix stored as a [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array].
-   **strideV1**: stride of the first dimension of `V`.
-   **strideV2**: stride of the second dimension of `V`.
-   **offsetV**: index offset for `V`.
-   **T**: input matrix stored as a [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array].
-   **strideT1**: stride of the first dimension of `T`.
-   **strideT2**: stride of the second dimension of `T`.
-   **offsetT**: index offset for `T`.
-   **C**: input/output matrix stored as a [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array].
-   **strideC1**: stride of the first dimension of `C`.
-   **strideC2**: stride of the second dimension of `C`.
-   **offsetC**: index offset for `C`.
-   **work**: work array stored as a [`Float64Array`][mdn-float64array].
-   **strideWork1**: stride of the first dimension of `work`.
-   **strideWork2**: stride of the second dimension of `work`.
-   **offsetWork**: index offset for `work`.

While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting indices.

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

> -   Both functions apply the block reflector `H` to matrix `C` according to the specified parameters.

Reviewer: I am not sure that this note adds anything that isn't already stated in the descriptions above.

-   The `side` parameter determines whether the transformation is applied from the left or right.
-   The `trans` parameter determines whether to apply `H` or its transpose `H^T`.
-   The `direct` parameter indicates the order in which elementary reflectors are applied.

> -   The `storev` parameter indicates how the elementary reflector vectors are stored.

Reviewer: In fact, these notes also seem to repeat what is written above in the parameter descriptions.
